(docs): Added for drain node experiment (#134)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/docs/user-guides/chaoscenter-oauth-dex-installation.md

      - type: github
        id: github
        name: GitHub
        config:
          clientID: # Add your GitHub Client ID here
          clientSecret: # Add your GitHub Client Secret here
          redirectURI: http://<NODE_IP>:32000/callback  # Replace your NODE_IP here
    ```

**Note: The Dex OIDC provider runs at `NODE_IP:32000` by default**

After the configuration, deploy the Dex deployment using the following command:

```bash
kubectl apply -f dex-deployment.yaml
```

You should now see the dex-server deployed in the litmus namespace!

```bash
kubectl get pods -n litmus
```

<span style={{color: 'green'}}><b>Expected Output</b></span>

```bash
NAME                                      READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
litmusportal-dex-server-7f7658b57-lbbxc   1/1     Running             0          107s
litmusportal-frontend-74d456746f-56v9x    1/1     Running             0          5m57s
litmusportal-server-9c4d85f57-5r6km       2/2     Running             0          5m57s
mongo-0                                   1/1     Running             0          5m57s
```

### Configuring `litmusportal-server` to enable Dex features

> To setup Dex, we would require to modify our litmusportal-server a bit inorder to enable Dex features, we will be modifying some environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Dex, we would require to modify our litmusportal-server a bit in order to communicate with Dex. This will be achieved by adding some environment variables
```
